## Neural Fields in Visual Computing&mdash;Complementary Webpage

This is based on the amazing <a href="https://mini-conf.github.io/index.html">MiniConf</a> project from [Hendrik Strobelt](http://twitter.com/hen_str) and [Sasha Rush](http://twitter.com/srush_nlp)&mdash;thank you!


### Citation
If you find our project helpful, please cite our review paper:
```
@article{10.1111:cgf.14505,
    journal = {Computer Graphics Forum},
    title = {Neural Fields in Visual Computing and Beyond},
    author = {Xie, Yiheng and Takikawa, Towaki and Saito, Shunsuke and Litany, Or and Yan, Shiqin and Khan, Numair and Tombari, Federico and Tompkin, James and Sitzmann, Vincent and Sridhar, Srinath},
    year = {2022},
    publisher = {The Eurographics Association and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.},
    ISSN = {1467-8659},
    DOI = {10.1111/cgf.14505}
}
```

## Adding a paper&mdash;How To
See our <a href="https://brownvc.github.io/neural-fields-review/add_paper.html">website instructions</a>

## Website Team&mdash;Get Started on Development

<pre>
> pip install -r requirements.txt
> make run
</pre>

When you are ready to deploy run `make freeze` to get a static version of the site in the `build` folder. 

### Deploying to Github

- Define two command-line variables `GH_TOKEN` and `GH_REF`. `GH_TOKEN` is your Github personal access token, and will look like `username:token`. `GH_REF` is the location of this repo, e.g., ```$> export GH_REF=github.com/brownvc/neural-fields-review```.
- *DO NOT* add `GH_TOKEN` to the Makefile&mdash;this is your personal access token and should be kept private. Hence, declare a temporary command line variable using `export`.
- Commit any changes. Any uncommited changes will be OVERWRITTEN!
- Execute `make deploy`. 
- That's it. The page is now [live here](https://brownvc.github.io/neural-fields-review/).

### Tour

The <a href="https://github.com/brownvc/neural-fields-review">repo</a> contains:

1) *Datastore* <a href="https://github.com/brownvc/neural-fields-review/tree/main/sitedata">`sitedata/`</a>

Collection of CSV files representing the papers, speakers, workshops, and other important information for the conference.

2) *Routing* <a href="https://github.com/brownvc/neural-fields-review/tree/main/main.py">`main.py`</a>

One file flask-server handles simple data preprocessing and site navigation. 

3) *Templates* <a href="https://github.com/brownvc/neural-fields-review/tree/main/templates">`templates/`</a>

Contains all the pages for the site. See `base.html` for the master page and `components.html` for core components.

4) *Frontend* <a href="https://github.com/brownvc/neural-fields-review/tree/main/static">`static/`</a>

Contains frontend components like the default css, images, and javascript libs.

5) *Scripts* <a href="https://github.com/brownvc/neural-fields-review/tree/main/scripts">`scripts/`</a>

Contains additional preprocessing to add visualizations, recommendations, schedules to the conference. 

6) For importing calendars as schedule see [scripts/README_Schedule.md](https://github.com/brownvc/neural-fields-review/tree/main/scripts/README_Schedule.md)

### Extensions

MiniConf is designed to be a completely static solution. However it is designed to integrate well with dynamic third-party solutions. We directly support the following providers: 

* Rocket.Chat: The `chat/` directory contains descriptions for setting up a hosted Rocket.Chat instance and for embedding chat rooms on individual paper pages. You can either buy a hosted setting from Rocket.chat or we include instructions for running your own scalable instance through sloppy.io. 

* Auth0 : The code can integrate through Auth0.com to provide both page login (through javascript gating) and OAuth SSO with Rocket Chat. The documentation on Auth0 is very easy to follow, you simply need to create an Application for both the MiniConf site and the Rocket.Chat server. You then enter in the Client keys to the appropriate configs. 

* SlidesLive: It is easy to embedded any video provider -> YouTube, Vimeo, etc. However we have had great experience with SlidesLive and recommend them as a host. We include a slideslive example on the main page. 

* PDF.js: For conferences that use posters it is easy to include an embedded pdf on poster pages. An example is given. 

### Semantic Scholar API

Contact: Joe Gorney, Manager - Strategic Partnerships, Semantic Scholar, ph.206.548.5606 | joeg@allenai.org
See project email account `neuralfields@cs.brown.edu` for more detail.

### Google Analytics API

### Keyword Statisics, Citation Graphs
* Keyword Statistics: The keywords are generated by a JS script (paper_vis_statistics.js line 13-58) running on the front end every time this page is loaded. So yes they will change correspondingly when papers' data is updated.

* Citation Graphs: Data for drawing citation graphs is generated by running script scripts/SemanticScholar_generate_citation_graph.py while deploying. I don't think our semantic scholar authentication token will expire.